Document 6.0.0 features & changes (#85)
twilio-labs/twilio-aspnet: README.md

- `StatusCallbackRequest`: Holds data for tracking the status of an outbound Twilio Voice Call
- `VoiceRequest`: Holds data for incoming Voice Calls

> **Note**

> > Only MVC Controllers and Razor Pages supports model binding to typed .NET objects. In Minimal APIs and other scenarios, you'll have to write code to extract the parameters yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only MVC Controllers and Razor Pages support model binding to typed .NET objects. In Minimal APIs and other scenarios, you'll have to write code to extract the parameters yourself.
```

      "ApiKeySecret": "[YOUR_API_KEY_SECRET]",
      "CredentialType": "[Unspecified|AuthToken|ApiKey]",
      "Region": null,
      "Edge": null,
      "LogLevel": null
    }
  }
}
```

A couple of notes:
- `Twilio:Client:AuthToken` falls back on `Twilio:AuthToken`. You only need to configure one of them.
- `Twilio:Client:CredentialType` has the following valid values: `Unspecified`, `AuthToken`, or `ApiKey`
- `Twilio:Client:CredentialType` is optional and defaults to `Unspecified`. If `Unspecified`, whether you configured an API key or an Auth Token will be detected.

If you do not wish to configure the Twilio client using .NET configuration, you can do so manually:

```csharp
using Twilio.AspNet.Core;

var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.Services
  .AddTwilioClient((serviceProvider, options) =>
  {
    options.AccountSid = "[YOUR_ACCOUNT_SID]";
    options.AuthToken = "[YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN]";
    options.ApiKeySid = "[YOUR_API_KEY_SID]";
    options.ApiKeySecret = "[YOUR_API_KEY_SECRET]";
    options.Edge = null;
    options.Region = null;
    options.LogLevel = null;
    options.CredentialType = CredentialType.Unspecified;
  });
```

> **Warning**

> > Do not hard-code your **Auth Token** or **API key secret** into code and do not check them into source code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not hard-code your **Auth Token** or **API key secret** into code and do not check them into source control.
```

### Validate Twilio HTTP requests

Webhooks require your endpoint to be publicly available, but this also introduces the risk that bad actors could find your webhook URL and try to abuse it.

Luckily, you can verify that an HTTP request originated from Twilio. 
The `Twilio.AspNet` library provides an attribute that will validate the request for you in MVC.
The implementation differs between the `Twilio.AspNet.Core` and `Twilio.AspNet.Mvc` library.

#### Validate requests in ASP.NET Core MVC

Add the `.AddTwilioRequestValidation` method at startup:

```csharp
using Twilio.AspNet.Core;

var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.Services.AddTwilioRequestValidation();
```

Then configure the request validation:

```json
{
  "Twilio": {
    "AuthToken": "[YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN]",
    "RequestValidation": {
      "AuthToken": "[YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN]",
      "AllowLocal": true,
      "BaseUrlOverride": "https://??????.ngrok.io"
    }
  }
}
```

A couple of notes about the configuration:
- `Twilio:RequestValidation:AuthToken` falls back on `Twilio:AuthToken`. You only need to configure one of them.
- `AllowLocal` will skip validation when the HTTP request originated from localhost.

> - Use `BaseUrlOverride` in case you are in front of a reverse proxy or a tunnel like ngrok. The path of the current request will be appended to the `BaseUrlOverride` for request validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `BaseUrlOverride` in case your app is behind a reverse proxy or a tunnel like ngrok. The path of the current request will be appended to the `BaseUrlOverride` for request validation.
```

Author: Good one 😅

You can also manually configure the request validation:

```csharp
using Twilio.AspNet.Core;

var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.Services
  .AddTwilioRequestValidation((serviceProvider, options) =>
  {
    options.AuthToken = "[YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN]";
    options.AllowLocal = true;
    options.BaseUrlOverride = "https://??????.ngrok.io";
  });
```

> **Warning**

> > Do not hard-code your **Auth Token** into code and do not check them into source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not hard-code your **Auth Token** into code and do not check them into source control.
```

      </sectionGroup>
    </configSections>
    <twilio>
       <requestValidation 
         authToken="your auth token here"
         baseUrlOverride="https://??????.ngrok.io"
         allowLocal="true"
       />
    </twilio>
</configuration>
```

You can also configure request validation using app settings:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
    <appSettings>
      <add key="twilio:requestValidation:authToken" value="[YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN]"/>
      <add key="twilio:requestValidation:baseUrlOverride" value="https://??????.ngrok.io"/>
      <add key="twilio:requestValidation:allowLocal" value="true"/>
    </appSettings>
</configuration>
```

If you configure request validation using both ways, app setting will overwrite the `twilio/requestValidation` configuration element.

A couple of notes about the configuration:
- `allowLocal` will skip validation when the HTTP request originated from localhost.
- Use `baseUrlOverride` in case you are in front of a reverse proxy or a tunnel like ngrok. The path of the current request will be appended to the `baseUrlOverride` for request validation.

> **Warning**

> > Do not hard-code your **Auth Token** into code and do not check them into source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not hard-code your **Auth Token** into code and do not check them into source control.
```

> Use the `UserSecretsConfigBuilder` for local development or [one of the other configuration builders](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/config-builder).
> Alternatively, you should encrypt the configuration sections containing secrets like the Auth Token.

Now that request validation has been configured, use the `[ValidateRequest]` attribute.
You can apply the attribute globally, to MVC areas, controllers, and actions. 
Here's an example where the attribute is applied to the `Index` action:

```csharp
using Twilio.AspNet.Common;
using Twilio.AspNet.Mvc;
using Twilio.TwiML;

public class SmsController : TwilioController
{
    [ValidateRequest]
    public TwiMLResult Index(SmsRequest request)
    {
        var response = new MessagingResponse();
        response.Message("Ahoy!");
        return TwiML(response);
    }
}
```

#### Validate requests outside of MVC

The `[ValidateRequest]` attribute only works for MVC. If you need to validate requests outside of MVC, you can use the `RequestValidationHelper` class provided by `Twilio.AspNet`.

> Alternatively, The `RequestValidator` class from the [Twilio SDK](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-csharp) can also help you with this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the `RequestValidator` class from the [Twilio SDK](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-csharp) can also help you with this.
```
